docs-site/app/(docs)/components/page.mdx, before:

---
title: Components
description: Comprehensive guide to all Primitive UI components
---

# Components

Explore the complete component library built entirely from primitive Flutter components.

## Available Components

Primitive UI provides four core components, each demonstrating different aspects of Flutter's rendering system:

### UI Components

- **[CustomCard](/components/custom-card)** - A card component built with CustomPaint, featuring elevation shadows and rounded corners
- **[CustomToggleSwitch](/components/custom-toggle-switch)** - An animated toggle switch with smooth transitions and gesture handling

### Layout Components

- **[VStack](/components/vstack)** - Vertical stack layout with custom spacing and alignment
- **[ZStack](/components/zstack)** - Layered stack for overlapping widgets with alignment control

## Component Categories

### Visual Components
CustomCard and CustomToggleSwitch demonstrate how to use `CustomPaint` and `Canvas` to create custom visual elements with shadows, colors, and animations.

### Layout Components
VStack and ZStack show how to implement custom layout logic using `RenderBox` and constraint-based sizing.

---

Browse the individual component pages to see detailed API documentation, usage examples, and implementation details.

Commit message:

update: Version 0.0.2
- Implemented CustomSlider using CustomPaint and GestureDetector for a customizable slider experience.
- Created HStack for horizontal stacking of widgets with configurable spacing and alignment.
- Enhanced VStack to support MainAxisAlignment for vertical alignment of children.
- Updated pubspec.yaml version to 0.0.2.
- Added tests for CustomCircularProgress, CustomSlider, HStack, and VStack to ensure correct rendering and functionality.

docs-site/app/(docs)/components/page.mdx, after:

---
title: Components
description: Comprehensive guide to all Primitive UI components
---

# Components

Explore the complete component library built entirely from primitive Flutter components.

## Available Components

Primitive UI provides four core components, each demonstrating different aspects of Flutter's rendering system:

### UI Components

- **[CustomCard](/components/custom-card)** - A card component built with CustomPaint, featuring elevation shadows and rounded corners
- **[CustomToggleSwitch](/components/custom-toggle-switch)** - An animated toggle switch with smooth transitions and gesture handling
- **[CustomSlider](/components/custom-slider)** - A slider component for selecting values from a range
- **[CustomCircularProgress](/components/custom-circular-progress)** - An indeterminate circular progress indicator

### Layout Components

- **[HStack](/components/hstack)** - Horizontal stack layout with custom spacing and alignment
- **[VStack](/components/vstack)** - Vertical stack layout with custom spacing and alignment
- **[ZStack](/components/zstack)** - Layered stack for overlapping widgets with alignment control

## Component Categories

### Visual Components
CustomCard and CustomToggleSwitch demonstrate how to use `CustomPaint` and `Canvas` to create custom visual elements with shadows, colors, and animations.

### Layout Components
VStack, HStack, and ZStack show how to implement custom layout logic using `RenderBox` and constraint-based sizing.

---

Browse the individual component pages to see detailed API documentation, usage examples, and implementation details.
